feat: adds allow-list commands (#1223)
salesforcecli/plugin-trust: messages/allow-list.remove.md

# summary

> Remove plugins from the unsigned plugin allow-list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove plugins from the plugin allowlist.
```

# description

> Removes one or more plugins from the `unsignedPluginAllowList.json` file. Plugins not present in the allow-list are skipped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin allowlist lets users automatically install a plugin without being prompted, even when the plugin is unsigned.

This command removes one or more plugins from the `unsignedPluginAllowList.json` file. Plugins not present in the allowlist are skipped.
```

# examples

> - Remove a single plugin from the allow-list:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove a single plugin from the allowlist:
```

  <%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %> --name @scope/my-plugin

> - Remove multiple plugins from the allow-list:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove multiple plugins from the allowlist:
```

  <%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %> --name @scope/my-plugin --name another-plugin

# flags.name.summary

> The npm name of the plugin to remove from the allow-list. Multiple names can be removed in one invocation by repeating the `--name` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The npm name of the plugin to remove from the allowlist. Remove multiple plugins by specifying the `--name` flag multiple times.
```
